Issue 449: security evaluation process - documentation update (#488)
cncf/sig-security: assessments/guide/security-reviewer.md

 any instructions, guides, docs, or process information to better assist
 them in their function as a reviewer.

Reviewers are expected to ask questions to understand if there are hidden
assumptions, underestimated risk, or design issues that harm or risk
the security of the project.

A reviewer may be delegated to perform specific tasks by the lead security
reviewer in order to ensure the appropriate experience is leveraged in conducting
the activity.  This may include but is not limited to the clarifying 
questions phase.

Reviewers are encouraged to reach out to community members to resolve
some questions, especially involving deployment scenarios and the impact
of attacks.

### Hands-on reviews

If the reviewers have the skills and interest, they may perform a 
lightweight hands-on review of the project. Reviewers wishing to do this in 
addition to their normal reviewing requirements should locally poke and explore
the project to understand its inner workings.  

If a reviewer performing a hands-on review discovers a weakness or vulnerability
they are required to adhere to the project's responsible disclosure process.  

> If no process is documented, they must contact the [project lead](project-lead) directly

Reviewer: link should point to the .md?

indicate which hard or soft conflicts do, or do not exist when they volunteer
to be a reviewer.  This is done by placing a comment on the issue associated 
with the joint review using the table provided below.

#### Conflict of interest statement template:
| Hard Conflicts | Y/N |
| :------------- | :-: |
| Reviewer is a currently a maintainer of the project |  |
| Reviewer is direct report of/to a current maintainer of the project |  |
| Reviewer is paid to work on the project |  |
| Reviewer has significant financial interest directly ties to the success of the project |  |

| Soft Conflicts | Y/N |
| :------------- | :-: |
| Reviewer belongs to the same company/organization of the project, but does not work on the project |  |
| Reviewer uses the project in his/her work |  |
| Reviewer has contributed to the project |  |
| Reviewer has a personal stake in the project (personal relationships, etc.) |  |

### Managing conflicts

Should a conflict arise during the time of the assessment, reviewers should notify
 the lead security reviewer when they become aware of the potential conflict, 
so the new conflict may be consulted with the facilitator and/or chairs.

> ## Asserting conflict free readiness

Reviewer 2: the team will not typically be conflict-free, so this is confusing, I propose "Asserting team readiness to conduct a balanced review" (I'll include in my PR)

Update the above assertion if a new conflict-of-interest becomes known during
the course of the assessment.

The Security Evaluation Facilitator or a SIG-Security chair must review the 
Lead Security Reviewer conflict-of-interest assertion.

If any hard conflicts, or multiple significant soft conflicts, are presented,

> then 1 SIG-Security chair must approve the security review team. Reasons for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a SIG-Security chair must approve the security review team. Reasons for
```
